.TH pig 1 "March 30, 2017" "version 0.0.5" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
pig \- a packet crafting tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pig [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIPig\fR (which can be understood as \fIP\fRacket \fIi\fRntruder \fIg\fRenerator) is a Linux packet crafting tool.
You can use \fIPig\fR to test your IDS/IPS among other stuff.
.PP
\fIPig\fR brings a bunch of well-known attack signatures ready to be used and you can expand this collection
with more specific things according to your requirements.
.PP
Until now it is possible to create \fIIPv4\fR signatures with transport layer based on \fITCP\fR, \fIUDP\fR and \fIICMP\fR.
You can also create signatures based on \fIARP\fR protocol, besides building up the packet since its \fIEthernet\fR frame.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-signatures=\fIfoo.pigsty,bar.pigsty\fR
Indicates the signature file paths. Take a look at \fI/usr/local/share/pig/pigsty\fR directory (or equivalent in your system).

.TP
\-\-targets=\fI<ip list>\fR
Specifies the targets which can be used during the crafting task.

.TP
\-\-gateway=\fI<addr>\fR
Specifies the gateway's address.

.TP
\-\-net-mask=\fI<mask>\fR
Specifies the network's mask.

.TP
\-\-lo-iface=\fI<iface name>\fR
Specifies the name of the network interface which will be used during the crafting task.

.TP
\-\-loop=\fI<mode>\fR
Specifies the pigsty traverse mode. It can be \fIrandom\fR (the default) or \fIsequential\fR.

.TP
\-\-version
Shows the application version.

.TP
\-\-sub-task=\fI<task-name>\fR
Asks the execution of a specific task. Call it with the option \fI\-\-help\fR in order
to know more about the related sub-task.

Until now the implemented sub-tasks are: \fIpcap-import\fR, \fIshell\fR.

.TP
\-\-help
Shows the general help.

.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
If the execution succeeds pig returns zero, otherwise non zero value will be returned.

.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/pig/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system)
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
https://github.com/rafael-santiago/pig
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago <voidbrainvoid@gmail.com>
